So now let's talk about AWS Amplify.
It's a set of tools and services that helps you develop
and deploy scalable full stack web and mobile applications.
So the idea is that thanks to Amplify,
you're going to get a comprehensive suite
to manage all you need to do
to have your web and mobile applications.
So this means that through Amplify,
you can manage authentication, storage,
API, whether it be a REST API or a GraphQL API,
CI/CD, PubSub, analytics,
even machine learning, monitoring,
and you can get your source code from AWS,
from GitHub, or other places.
So see it as like the Elastic Beanstalk
for web and mobile applications.
So the idea is that when you go to Amplify,
you can go into the Amplify Studio,
and within the Studio you can set up everything you need,
for example, your data, your authentication, your storage,
your functions, your graphical API, and so on.
And then Amplify behind the scenes
is going to configure an Amplify backend.
And that backend will be leveraging existing services of AWS
that you know, for example, Amazon S3, Amazon Cognito,
AWS AppSync for your GraphQL backend, for example,
API Gateway for your REST backend,
SageMaker, Lex, Lambda, DynamoDB,
and of course more services.
So Amplify is a really good wrapper
around all these services, again, the target of which
is to help you build mobile applications backend.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.